okay here we go Dan why are your pants
so
wet not on camera and this is why I need
MCM bad cable management it's disease
and someone's got to cure it that's why
lonus became the setup
doctor I'm Dan I'm 31 and I'm the
technical architect for Linus Media
Group most of my free time is spent
doing OST work for games uh solo Dev and
all that sort of stuff
are you planning to put on some weight
Dan this is a wide door wow ceiling
power ram wall I live in a garage am I
doing this right yeah also this picture
there if you want to just move the eyes
oh
God uh you got projector screen yes and
projector screen no this was the
original one when I had the projector
mounted up by The Loft up there right
and then you were like what about second
projector about second projector screen
and so I made the custom wall with you
know projectors I don't know what my
expectations were but this is them any
who there's not actually that much in
the way of awful Cable Management in
here I assume that's somewhere else
uh-huh oh
God don't don't look when did you stop
trying when I couldn't fit behind the
desk I mean there's not that much more
over
there you know what it's not that bad
with the setup doctor here in the house
and his capable team I think we can fix
what hails you wait where do I even
start for this procedure oh too
complicated thankfully our sponsor ODU
is here to save my patient with their
allinone platform for business it's
great for finance sales HR marketing and
more ODU brings your dead workflow and
your poor patient back to life you know
considering all the utility it's really
not that bad in here you've got your
soldering SL working station you've got
a couple 3D printers you've got couldn't
help noticing a 4 Bas station VR Gaming
setup in here got to love it and then
can you explain this to me because I um
don't music so this is a Digi design
control 24 and it only worked with a few
versions of Protools because avid's an
evil evil company I was taught that
these are basically just a big mouse the
nice thing about this one in particular
is it's motorized so when changes happen
in the Box here they're
reflected in the unit somebody wrote a
piece of software where you can connect
it to anything including Ableton and it
also has a midi mode which is pretty
cool too okay cool and this is your
mouse pad yeah cuz I don't have enough
room for you know a normal mouse pad
when I'm using this thanks I hate it
yeah and then when I am not using it I
use this I hate it slightly less yeah
it's kind of a bit better moving over
here I like your rack Dan thank thank
you uh you got a 280 TI the GPU actually
came from one of the other things that I
won at the Christmas party which was
that giant Digital Storm PC with the LT
on it thought you'd never use it you
thought you'd leave it for so long that
the die separates from the water yeah
well I haven't really had time to like
finish out my living room computer right
now it has a 390 in it and then there's
two more 390s there and then this 2080
TI and this 2080 TI cuz I mostly just
like I don't know do DS game emulation
it also has two CPUs for about 112
threads and 128 gigs of ECC memory cuz
you know I got to watch YouTube videos
in the living room right so this is an
in progress project it's amazing that
you talked for that long and yet I have
more questions than when you started
what's in here is that the C that that
thing is made of no the C box is in the
living
room that's the name of the living room
PC whoa that joke's not safe for YouTube
but you can check out the uncensored
version on lmg g/f flat plane but don't
worry the rest of the jokes are good old
familyfriendly fun that's what this
house is all about do you have a cat no
that is for nail polish oh why is that
for a cat oh it's good for finding where
they peed there's a not yet I mean I can
see how it all happens yeah exactly with
all this lewd material lying around mhm
okay so what's the
plan we get to work Absol a lot of cable
management there's a lot of cables Step
One is we've got to get access to the
back of this desk and I assume the best
way to do that is kind of slide out this
side a little we're actually going to be
taking the whole desk out oh my God yeah
Dan has made a custom new desk that's
going to go in this space so we got a
lot of moving to do like everything's
just coming out of here everything
everything to where garbage I can't
[Music]
wait it's so heavy
damage per second is not something that
I really want in a gaming chair yeah I
left the to wear the or the back both of
them ah great good
stuff good work guys here we go SP it
down for a
second no no God dan stop
stop little F what is falling Dan's got
this ingenious way to mount his monitor
so that they're directed at him it's a
screwdriver do you know how much prime
Acoustics are I'm not going to buy
entire new
ones most of this EUR racks by
intelligel who I believe are local boys
shout out intelligel this rack's cool
cuz it's 19in and it's also uh desk
stand as well I like this
one it's wow is this the same company
that makes the computers I highly doubt
it cuz that thing's actually good
[Music]
thumbnail a spaghetti day I'm having an
Italian food day too much a noa's
cooking you're so skinny you should eat
something no mama let me o do something
about this mess with our sponsor
Odo you see you probably have all kinds
of different software for different
things like accounting project
management stop zooming in my house HR
and lead generation and of course
marketing wait what is that doing there
stop wasting time on app hunting ODU is
an allinone platform for everything you
need kind of like a magic toolbox I just
finished sending an invoice I got paid
and I even reported Dan for stealing
things from the office all here on Odo
with no sweat involved try for yourself
with their 15-day free trial of all
their apps check out the link in the
video description now let's put things
back so we can continue our video oh
come on so do you see why cable managing
is hard now are you going to know where
all of this goes back into yeah I made a
plan that's part of what those are for
so this is basically where everything
plugs in I've labeled all of these in a
little map of where everything's going
to go I'll take them from you this is uh
this is what Flo plane looks like Luke's
in charge of float plane I know for a
fact this make sure that it doesn't like
constantina
sideways ow one of the reasons I'm so
excited for this desk and for the doctor
to come in here because I'm an advocate
for my own care I've designed this desk
to work specifically with MCM so we've
got two steel tubes along the back here
which should perfectly fit one of these
XL
arches that'll create an integrated
cable channel right in the back of the
desk all of them kind of connect to each
other so this cable channel will run
perfectly along the entire back side of
the desk and if we want to get cables
out of the back side of the desk we can
just put them like there and bring them
out easy now the last thing we have to
do is just get this thing assembled we
got the leggies and they're going to
bolt in like n this is one of the first
welding projects that I've ever done so
some of them are nice and his tinan says
uh Grinders and paint make me the welder
I ain't who designed the desk me is
there anywhere that people could learn
about how you designed it there is I did
a float plane exclusive part of Dan
week get out
n Dan why are your pants so wet you also
got a server rack yeah why cuz you took
mying rack oh yeah all of those are like
all of the stuff has the stuff has to go
back in the stuff so I got a what's it
called like a relay Rack or something
like that which is more like a
skeletonized rack I got a whole bunch of
cables from infinite cables we'll show
them off later I'm really excited I
figured it was easier to like get all
new cables than sorting out that Rat's
Nest and this is also something they
sell too which is pretty sick not super
expensive and probably a little Overkill
but it was the best kind of thing that I
thought to do you can see it's like a
209 28 U Rack or something like that not
too bad I should have got rack studs as
well that was a mistake hey look at the
rack stun yeah so the rest of the plan
is going to be we're going to move the
desk into its final position we're going
to get all of the stuff back in here on
it and then we're going to Route all of
those cables into this rack and it's
going to be really smooth and there's
not going to be any problem problem s
everything's going to go great no one's
going to cry Dan Dan not on camera Dan
do not cry so loud you're on mic uh
computer time um sure monitors let's get
everything up
[Music]
there thank you yeah that goes right
there let's goes the other way
now the cable management is great but
it's always a good idea to start with
properly length cables you don't want a
whole bunch of excess kind of baled up
under your desk so I went and got a
whole bunch of these perfectly length
cables from Phantom
cable which will help us redo everything
to be super neat movie
movie
Switch
normal whole Patch
Adams I was going to say Frey
Friday Christ and this is why I need
MCM uh Dan you said you had a good use
for the cable ties oh yeah cuz I'm
trying to mount this uh HDMI cable to
like a vertical surface but the these
ones don't work on vertical surfaces cuz
they have to do that way so the cable
ties go vertical so you can mount them
vertically one cool trick that we found
out about these cable tie holders that
we didn't even think about when we were
developing them is that if you have say
like short cable ties and you can't hold
the whole bundle of what you're trying
to hold you can actually route two of
them through this so you can have two
runs of cables going parallel by just
putting instead of wrapping them all the
way around the bottom you just wrap them
through there look at that you can have
two runs going we've taken our magnetic
power bar keys and we've hooked them up
so you just kind of put them through the
little hole and you slide them in to
lock them and then you tighten them down
bada bing bada
boom that's not in the way
[Music]
dan stop not at the Dan not at work wow
this is great progress you guys much
better thanks okay I'm kidding oh wow
that sarcastic thing I said before but
again do you guys need some help we
would love some help oh I love your desk
though Dan Isn't it nice this looks
great yeah it looks like the last thing
we got to kind of do is the rack and
kind of get everything terminated here
um but I think most of most of the stuff
I'm back right now you came back thank
you most of the stuff is going to end up
here and then I think that's about it
can I mount some stuff in a rack or what
can I do yeah let's get some stuff in
the rack did we not bring him rack studs
do we not love Dan nope okay right there
and right there yeah okay I got you Dan
the space looks amazing well looks like
it has the bones of amazing all right
what else can I write I yes okay yes
good yes
under dude this thing is heavy for not
being on Rails of any sort oh yeah
also it's called a liquid Channel but
did you really have to get liquid on it
I don't know I wouldn't touch it the
previous
owner I'm going to not finish Ence where
do you want this power play pro oh under
the liquid would work sure and could you
pull the like in the in the sink or the
bathtub uh
bathtub sinkless stainless sorry you
want the rack out yeah if you could just
pull that out okay here we
[Music]
go how do I keep doing this hand you
good I have a I even I even preloaded
one man I meant to hold that in my mouth
and it ended up all the way in my mouth
so Dan there's some Linus DNA on one of
these nuts don't do anything weird with
it I'm taking your black light no and I
can't Harden my nail polish I've never
seen you wear nail polish is that
actually what it's for uh it is actually
for hardening nail polish but the nail
polish is used for like filling in
embossed things cuz I used to do
photography for a nail company
apparently Luke's bomb works there no
way yeah small world huh it really is
then again Luke's mom works everywhere
so I don't know who
no no no I meant she has a strong
do I meant she has a strong
entrepreneurial
Spirit
yeah what can I do for you boys wow it's
actually thank you looking somewhat
serviceable down there yeah what I think
you can do now if you so dare attempt do
you want to patch this uh sure now
you're going to do
that I don't like your
spreadsheet why it didn't print well a
three I'm touching Adam's knob right now
he says it's the best Dan's knob this is
Dan's knob sorry Dan's knob yeah you got
you won't get to tou this this don't be
gross Dan I have patched your patches oh
okay cool awesome I put a cable tie
there oh beautiful well I don't know
about beautiful but you can face the
wall with it acceptable that's the
nicest thing he's ever said to me don't
forget it so all the power is in this
one here so all the gear is going to get
patched into that and then the sub and
both those monitors are also going to
get patched in here and where's the Dom
go uh that's
you I routed everything here so that
most of the audio equipment comes on
with a single button simultaneously s
ously you and all the gear and you and
you there we go monitor monitor
subwoofer and all of this we've got
everything assuming I patched it
correctly yeah but I mean that doesn't
matter as much that's on everything
looks good and I've even got these nice
pullout lights here on this power
conditioner W pull out lights yeah I
could have used one of those then I
might not have three kids so Dan we're
almost at the end how do you feel I feel
pretty good everything seems to be
working so far uh plugging things in
everything kind of worked out of the box
which is good couple of them were
backwards seems to be a lot more space
in here which is kind of nice I still
have some work to do probably after
these guys leave me alone with my new
desk and room but yeah I think we're
we're just about there it's been a long
day yeah it's been a couple hours oh
God
sorry I think that today was an
undeniable success I think this whole
room looks crazy good there's barely any
cables in sight despite the fact that it
already looks a little bit lived in I
think it's been awesome it's like sure
there's a little bit of mess but that's
a server wreck you're going to deal with
that yeah there's more work to do on it
anyway yeah and when you get your desk
organized this would be a great place to
exist now that we've tied it up Dan's
desk which by the way looks
[Music]
amazing it's time to tidy up his
business
I do a lot of freelance and right now
I'm just using Google Sheets to track my
projects and do invoicing oh do ah ODU
has all kinds of apps like their project
app which will help keep Dan organized
and productive allowing him to ATT track
everything he needs in terms of
communication with the client as well as
its current status it even has built-in
time
logging looks like I just made you 4
seconds worth of Revenue on uh new music
project that's $4
then when he's done he can create an
invoice in the accounting app which
includes integrated messaging so he can
communicate with his team and he can
preview the invoice and go ahead and
send it off so don't wait try ODU now
for free at the link in the video
description the setup doctor does it
again tune in next time when he treats
the setup of one of you yes you the
viewer another successful operation from
the setup doctor
[Music]
no